Fix for ISO string modification during function metadata binding parsing (#10735)
Azure/azure-functions-host: release_notes.md

  - [Added net9 prelaunch app.](https://github.com/Azure/azure-functions-dotnet-worker/pull/2898)
- Update the `DefaultHttpProxyService` to better handle client disconnect scenarios (#10688)
  - Replaced `InvalidOperationException` with `HttpForwardingException` when there is a ForwarderError

> - Fix the accidental modification of ISO strings during function metadata binding parsing. This fixes the listener errors related to the CosmosDB trigger's `StartFromTime` parameter. (#10735)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix modification of ISO strings during the parsing of function metadata bindings.
  - This fixes the listener errors related to the CosmosDB trigger's `StartFromTime` parameter. (#10735)
```
